banner notification component (#187)
livechat/design-system: packages/design-system/src/components/Banner/Banner.md

> ### Banner - Notifications

Reviewer: I think it should be just `Banner` and it should be placed under `Alerts` category in docs.

Reviewer 2: I agree, it the same type of component as Toasts and gives feedback to the user.

Author: done

```
```js noeditor
<ComponentHtmlMarkup>
<Banner size="large" type="error" onClose={()=>window.alert('close')}>A description with a maximum of 100 characters. That usually means only one or two sentences.</Banner>
</ComponentHtmlMarkup>
```
Warning
```js
<Banner size="large" type="warning" onClose={()=>window.alert('close')}>A description with a maximum of 100 characters. That usually means only one or two sentences.</Banner>
```
```js noeditor
<ComponentHtmlMarkup>
<Banner size="large" type="warning" onClose={()=>window.alert('close')}>A description with a maximum of 100 characters. That usually means only one or two sentences.</Banner>
</ComponentHtmlMarkup>
```
Success
```js
<Banner size="large" type="success" onClose={()=>window.alert('close')}>A description with a maximum of 100 characters. That usually means only one or two sentences.</Banner>
```
```js noeditor
<ComponentHtmlMarkup>
<Banner size="large" type="success" onClose={()=>window.alert('close')}>A description with a maximum of 100 characters. That usually means only one or two sentences.</Banner>
</ComponentHtmlMarkup>
```

### RWD support

> This component is not fully responsive. If you need an RWD support, you can use [Resize Observer](https://web.dev/en/resize-observer/) and apply appropriate styles. Here is an example of a large banner styled as a small one.
> 
> ```css
> .component {
>   position: relative;
> 
>   .lc-banner--large {
>     max-width: 400px;
> 
>     .lc-banner__content {
>       display: flex;
>       flex-direction: column;
>       justify-content: flex-start;
>       width: 100%;
> 
>       p {
>         margin: 14px 0 0 0;
>         max-width: 246px;
>       }
>     }
>   }
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The component styles don't include RWD media queries. If you need an RWD support, you can use [Resize Observer](https://web.dev/en/resize-observer/) and change the size property of the component to the appropriate one. Also, you can write simple media queries with appropriate styles but remember that our styles can change in upcoming releases. Here is an example of a large banner styled as a small one.

```scss
@media screen and (max-width: 400px) {
  .your_component_class {
    position: relative;

    .lc-banner--large {
      max-width: 400px;

      .lc-banner__content {
        display: flex;
        flex-direction: column;
        justify-content: flex-start;
        width: 100%;

        p {
          margin: 14px 0 0 0;
          max-width: 246px;
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Reviewer 2: I meant something like this ☝️ No need to change styles when Resize Observer is used.

Reviewer 2: + i feel the example of css needs to be updated here because you added support for `children` and changed HTML structure

Author: done

Reviewer 2: take a look at CSS example in my suggested change. I added a media query there. Could you do the same? 
Also there is not needed "an" in "If you need an RWD support" text. Please remove it to make it more English xD

Author: We need Ola. We need to improve our docs 🙈

### Banner

> ## Usage

Reviewer: It would be cool to add some general info regarding component's usage, like @kamilmateusiak [suggested you](https://github.com/livechat/design-system/pull/190#discussion_r435982445) for `Promo`.

Author: Waiting for description from bartek :)

### Banner - Notifications

## Usage

### Small

This is appropriate for components from 180px to 400px width. Use it in sidebars, mobile and any other contextual use, where space is the limitation.

Info

> ```js

Reviewer 2: can you add html markdown example? it can be used without react
